Add docs to unarchive channels (resubmit) (#3511)
mattermost/docs: source/help/getting-started/organizing-conversations.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Select the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then select **Archive Channel**. Anyone can archive the Public channels or Private channels they belong to, unless the System Admin has `restricted the permissions <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/config-settings.html#id2>`__.

When a channel is archived, it is removed from the user interface, but a copy exists on the server in case it is needed for audit reasons at a later stage. Because of this, the URL of a newly created channel cannot be the same URL name as an archived channel.

In addition to this, when a channel is archived, by default the contents cannot be viewed, shared, or searched. If you want to be able to view or search the channel later, either

1. Ask your System Admin to set ``ExperimentalViewArchivedChannels`` to ``true`` in ``config.json`` to allow users to view, share, and search for content of channels that have been archived; or
2. Leave the channel open, but post a message in the channel saying it's considered archived: such as ``# This channel is archived.``

Unarchiving a channel
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Select the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then select **Unarchive Channel**. Anyone can archive the Public channels or Private channels they belong to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for the channel if required. Then, open the channel, select the channel name at the top of the center pane to access the drop-down menu, then select **Unarchive Channel**. Anyone can unarchive the Public channels or Private channels they belonged to when it was archived.
```
